Adding documentaion for FQDN based filtering in Antrea Network Policy (#2634)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/antrea-network-policy.md

which drops all egress traffic initiated by any Pod in Namespaces that have `app` set to
`no-network-access-required`. Note that an empty `To` in the egress rule means that
this rule matches all egress destinations.
Egress `To` section also supports FQDN based filtering. This can be applied to exact FQDNs or

> wildcard expressions. More details can be found in the [FQDN](#fqdn-based-filtering) section

Reviewer: missing period at the end of sentence

"sources" or `egress` "destinations". These should be cluster-external IPs,
since Pod IPs are ephemeral and unpredictable.

**fqdn**: This selector is applicable only to the `to` section in an `egress` block. It is used to

> restrict `egress` access to Fully Qualified Domain Names (FQDN) specified either by exact name or

Reviewer: restrict is not 100% accurate, as policies can either allow traffic or deny it

I would say something like "It is used to select Fully Qualified Domain Names (FQDNs), specified either by exact name or with a wildcard expression, when defining `egress` rules."

The above example allows all Pods from Namespace "default" to connect to all "core-dns"
Pods from Namespace "kube-system" on TCP port 53.

## FQDN based filtering

Antrea-native policy accepts a `fqdn` field to select Fully Qualified Domain Names (FQDNs),
specified either by exact name or wildcard expressions, when defining `egress` rules.

The standard `Allow`, `Drop` and `Reject` actions apply to FQDN egress rules.

An example policy using FQDN based filtering could look like this:

```yaml
apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterNetworkPolicy
metadata:
  name: cnp-fqdn-all-google
spec:
  priority: 1
  appliedTo:
  - podSelector:
      matchLabels:
        app: client
  egress:
  - action: Drop
    to:

>       - fqdn: "*google.com"

Reviewer 2: super pedant nit: maybe use a name like foobar.com?

```

> The above example drops all traffic destined to any FQDN that matches the wildchard

Reviewer 2: typo: wildchard

The above example allows all Pods from Namespace "default" to connect to all "core-dns"
Pods from Namespace "kube-system" on TCP port 53.

## FQDN based filtering

> Antrea-native policy accepts a `fqdn` field to restrict egress access to the Fully

Reviewer: same comment as above with respect to the use of "restrict"

Qualified Domain Names (FQDN) specified by exact name or wildcard matching patterns.

The standard `Allow`, `Drop` and `Reject` actions apply to FQDN egress rules.

> An example FQDN based filtering could look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example policy using FQDN based filtering could look like this:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterNetworkPolicy
metadata:
  name: cnp-fqdn-all-google
spec:
  priority: 1
  appliedTo:
  - podSelector:
      matchLabels:
        app: client
  egress:
  - action: Drop
    to:
      - fqdn: "*google.com"
```

> The above example drops all traffic destined to any FQDN that matches the wildchard

Reviewer: please leave an empty line after a code block

expression `*google.com` originating from any Pod with `app` set to `client` across
any Namespace. This feature only works at the L3/L4 level. DNS response packets will
only be dropped if the client's requested FQDN is matched by a FQDN policy rule but

> the datapath reconciliation for that rule fails.

Reviewer: The last sentence comes a bit out of nowhere here and seems to be about a detail of the implementation. I am not sure it fits within the rest of the documentation since we do not explain anywhere (yet) how this feature is implemented with respect to DNS queries.

> The FQDN based policy can also be applied to in-cluster based services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FQDN based policies can also select in-cluster based services.
```

```text
kubectl get svc -o wide -A
NAMESPACE     NAME          TYPE          CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                   AGE   SELECTOR
default       db-svc        ClusterIP     10.108.21.84    <none>        443/TCP                   2d    app=db
default       kubernetes    ClusterIP     10.96.0.1       <none>        443/TCP                   2d    <none>
kube-system   antrea        ClusterIP     10.98.109.50    <none>        443/TCP                   3d    <app=antrea,component=antrea-controller>
kube-system   kube-dns      ClusterIP     10.96.0.10      <none>        53/UDP,53,TCP,9153/TCP    3d    k8s-app=kube-dns
```

In the above, there is a db service in the default namespace of type `ClusterIP`. A
ClusterNetorkPolicy can be defined as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterNetworkPolicy
metadata:

>   name: cnp-fqdn-db-svc

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  name: acnp-fqdn-db-svc
```

spec:
  priority: 1
  appliedTo:
  - podSelector:
      matchLabels:
        app: client
  egress:
  - action: Drop
    to:

>       - fqdn: "db-svc.default.svc.cluster.local"

Reviewer: maybe just `db-svc.default.svc`

```

> In the example, when a client Pod talks to `db-svc` via ClusterIP, the traffic is dropped.

Reviewer 3: it might also be good to highlight the fact that this is a exact name matching policy ... unlike the wildcard example above..
